Zhiyu, just use our company account to broadcast
With my Li family's funds
You can definitely win the charity goddess tonight
Then you will go on stage to promote
Our Peak Media
It's Mr. Li
I'll let some people take a good look tonight
Who is the real king?
This is the account I registered on our new platform
You guys wait a minute and use this live broadcast
But the new platform has no traffic.
What about our gifts?
If you lose
Don't worry, just live stream.
I have my own way
Please all the presenters who are participating
Your personal account name
And the live broadcast platform
Come to me to register
I will arrange staff
Go to your live broadcast room
Calculate contribution value based on the number of gifts
At the same time, it is displayed on this big screen
So I declare the charity live night officially open.
How come the first place came out so quickly?
It's Wang Shiyu from Summit Media
Summit Media is indeed very strong